MishMash Fractal
Collection of algorithms and UX from several other
fractal apps, hoping to come with a new and interesting display.

The panel on the left holds two kinds of controls:
buttons, and one or two dimensional widgets.

Widgets:
Mouse click on a widget to select it.
It's legend will turn Green.
You can also move the focus up/down with the '<' and '>' keys.
Press the assigned Hotkey character to move the focus directly.

Now on the image:
Mouse drag to control the widget's parameters.
You can also use the Arrow keys.
Note: Hold down the <option> key to increase the alteration amount.
Note: Hold down the <A> key to decrease the alteration amount.

Note: The mouse scroll wheel controls Zoom at all times.

Buttons:
A button command is performed by Mouse clicking on the legend.

Note: Press <0> to toggle display of the control panel.
Note: Use can exit program by press the <esc> key.

E. Edit Grammar
   The app Flam3 uses a weighted random function to
   select which algorithm is used every cycle.
   This app instead uses a simple grammar, where the
   characters in a 1-12 character string specify which
   algorithm is used.
   The "grammar string" is repeated as necessary during a drawing session.
   Press "E" to launch the grammar editor dialog.

N. Rnd Grammar
   Press "N" to randomize just the grammar string.

The current grammar string is displayed just below.

Groups 1 to 4 :

   The grammar string selects from 4 algorithms for each cycle.
   These 4 groups hold all the data for each algorithm.
   Press on the function name (the word at the top of each group)
   to launch the function selection dialog.
   The functions themselves come from the Flam3 app.
   * Translation
   * Scale
   * Rotate affect the function output after every cycle.

   The function group gains a tinted background color when
   that function is included in the grammar string.

Visit: https://fractalforums.org/fractal-mathematics-and-new-theories/28/triangle-inequality-average-algorithm/1368
User 3DickUlus posted a beautiful image with the fragment shader attached.
I copied the algorithm onto this app to do some experimentation.

M. Multiplier
S. Stripe Density
5. Escape Radius  are all params to 3DickUlus' algorithm. Check out shader code..

6. Contrast
C. Color
   control the overall contrast and coloration of the image.

W. Shadow
  Homemade effect accentuates the image details.

J. 3D Window
   Toggle the display of the 3D Window

K. 3D ROI
   Specify the position and size of the 3D Region Of Interest (ROI).

   Note: Click and Drag with the Right Mouse Button to specify the ROI directly.

Z. Auto
   Toggle whether the program automatically slowly alters the parameters.

L. LoadNext
   Load the next saved image, round-robin style.

V. Save/Load
   Launch the Save/Load dialog.

H. Help
   This dialog.

